v11.0 Changelog (#8410)
mattermost/docs: source/administration-guide/upgrade/important-upgrade-notes.rst

|                                                    +------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                    | The ``TeamSettings.ExperimentalViewArchivedChannels`` setting has been deprecated. Archived channels will always be accessible, subject to normal channel        |
|                                                    | membership. The server will fail to start if this setting is set to ``false``; to deny access to archived channels, mark them as private and remove affected     |
|                                                    | channel members. See more details in `this forum post <https://forum.mattermost.com/t/viewing-accessing-archived-channels-v11/22626>`__.                         |
|                                                    +------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> |                                                    | Playbooks has stopped working for Team Edition. Entry, Professional, Enterprise, and Enterprise Advanced plans are automatically be upgraded to Playbooks v2     |

Reviewer: Typo?
```suggestion
|                                                    | Playbooks has stopped working for Team Edition. Entry, Professional, Enterprise, and Enterprise Advanced plans are automatically upgraded to Playbooks v2     |
|                                                    | with no expected downtime. See more details in `this forum post <https://forum.mattermost.com/t/clarification-and-update-on-the-playbooks-plugin-v11/25192>`__.  |
```

|                                                    +------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                    | Added logic to migrate the password hashing method from bcrypt to PBKDF2. The migration will happen progressively, migrating the password of a user as soon      |
|                                                    | as they enter it; e.g. when logging in or when double-checking their password for any sensitive action. There is an edge case where users might                  |
|                                                    | get locked out of their account: if a server upgrades to v11 and user A logs in (i.e., they need to enter their password), and then the server downgrades        |
|                                                    | to v10.12 or previous, user A will no longer be able to log in. In this case, admins will need to manually reset the password of such users, through the         |

> |                                                    | system console or through the ``mmctl user reset-password [users]`` command.                                                                                     |

Reviewer: Maybe we can link to https://docs.mattermost.com/administration-guide/manage/mmctl-command-line-tool.html#mmctl-user-reset-password here.
